mkdir from
cd from
mkdir one
echo "hello world" > test
cd one
mkdir two
echo "hello world" > test
cd two
mkdir three
echo "hello world" > test
cd three
mkdir four
echo "hello world" > test
cd four
echo "hello world" > test
cd
mkdir to
cd to
mkdir one
echo "goodbye world" > test
cd one
mkdir two
echo "goodbye world" > test
cd two
mkdir three
echo "goodbye world" > test
cd three
mkdir four
echo "goodbye world" > test
cd four
echo "goodbye world" > test
cd
cp -r from to



mkdir from
cd from
mkdir one
echo "hello world" > test
echo "hello world" > test1
cd one
mkdir two
echo "hello world" > test
echo "hello world" > test1
cd two
mkdir three
echo "hello world" > test
echo "hello world" > test1
cd three
mkdir four
echo "hello world" > test
echo "hello world" > test1
cd four
echo "hello world" > test
echo "hello world" > test1
cd
mkdir to
cd to
mkdir one
mkdir test
cd one
mkdir two
mkdir test
cd two
mkdir three
mkdir test
cd three
mkdir four
mkdir test
cd four
mkdir test
cd
cp -r from to


